scan-build: add page (#7306)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/scan-build.md

# scan-build

> > A command-line utility to run a static analyzer over a codebase as part of performing a regular build.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Command-line utility to run a static analyzer over a codebase as part of performing a regular build.
```

> More information: <https://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/scan-build.html>.

- Build and analyze the project in the current directory:

`scan-build {{make}}`

> - Here is the general format for invoking scan-build:
> 
> `scan-build [scan-build options] <command> [command options]`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better and be more consistent with other pages?
```suggestion
- Invoke `scan-build`:

`scan-build [scan-build options] {{command}} [command options]`
```

This example should also be the last one on the page I think.

> - Operationally, scan-build literally runs `<command>` with all of the subsequent options passed to it:

Reviewer: As mentioned in my previous review, this needs to be in the [imperative mood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_mood) please.

Reviewer 2: Like so:
```suggestion
- Run a command and pass all subsequent options to it:
```

> `scan-build make -j4`

Reviewer: Missing token syntax.
```suggestion
`scan-build {{command}}`
```

> `scan-build {{command}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`scan-build {{command}} {{arguments}}`
```

> - It is also possible to use `scan-build` to analyze specific files:

Reviewer: Same here - as mentioned in my previous review, this needs to be in the [imperative mood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_mood) please.

> `scan-build {{command}}`

Reviewer 2: This example is the exact same as the second. Where's the difference?

Reviewer 2: @yvan-sraka should we remove this one?

> `scan-build gcc -c t1.c t2.c`

Reviewer: Missing token syntax.
```suggestion
`scan-build {{command}}`
```

# scan-build

> > scan-build is a command line utility that enables a user to run the
> > static analyzer over their codebase as part of performing a regular
> > build (from the command line).

Reviewer 3: We don't split the command description. Why `command-line` twice?
```suggestion
> A command-line utility to run a static analyzer over a codebase as part of performing a regular build.
```

Author: Fixed :heavy_check_mark:

> More information: <https://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/scan-build.html>.

> Basic usage of scan-build is designed to be simple: just place the word
> `scan-build` in front of your build command:

Reviewer 3: We use this format for example descriptions
```suggestion
- Build and analyze the project in the current directory:
```

Author: Fixed :heavy_check_mark:

> `scan-build make; scan-build xcodebuild`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`scan-build {{make}}`
```

Author: Fixed :heavy_check_mark:

# scan-build

> Command-line utility to run a static analyzer over a codebase as part of performing a regular build.
> More information: <https://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/scan-build.html>.

- Build and analyze the project in the current directory:

`scan-build {{make}}`

- Invoke `scan-build`:

> `scan-build [scan-build options] {{command}} [command options]`

Reviewer: As mentioned in my previous review, this should probably be the last example.
